Now let's handle this error case in the log in form.
So after the authentication fails, we are receiving this error from back end and we are displaying
this error, but let's do something like this.
So as soon as we change the content of the form, let's make sure the error is gone.
So we are just going to clear this error if we change the content of these inputs.
Let's start with the test again.
So again, the test will be in the interactions block right here.
So scrolling down in that block and adding the new test, so we are going to in this one, let's test
the image input so it clears error.
After email, the field is changed.
So we will be changing the content of the email email field and we will be repeating the steps in the
previous test in this one.
So we are filling the form, we are making the API request.
Then we are.
Waiting for UI to be updated.
Now we are going to change the email input and we have queried those elements in the setup and let's
have these as a variable global variable within this describe log so that we can use them, use them
in the test.
So I'm going to add them here.
We will have the email input.
It is HDMI input element and also in the next one we will test the password.
So let's have that one as a variable here as well and just clearing the const from these.
So when we call the setup form, we are querying the email input and we are assigning those to these
variables we have here.
Now we are going to override the email value.
So again, I'm just going to copy these lines and.
Here in the States.
I'm just pasting it.
Now we can type anything else here.
So let's say this is valid mail.
Then we are dispatching the input event.
So this is triggering the the UI updates.
And let's check the visibility of the the alert component.
So here this is the display case, display error of the summit failure.
So we are going to query this one.
This component.
And we can do something like this.
We can't just go like expect this query result to be false.
So we expect this alert to be gone.
Saving this one.
So this test is failing.
By the way, there is a typo in the.
Artist name.
Let's fix it.
Now we need to react to the events triggered in these inputs.
So like whenever this input is changed, like the password or email, we need to know when they are
change so that we can update the component, logging component, let's open the logging component.
So we are having the error field right here.
So whenever the inputs are changed, we will just clear this so that the error will not be visible.
So right here, the the alert is visible based on the error property in the class.
So we need to be aware when these inputs are changed.
And to do that, we can bind to an event triggered from this input.
And since this is an engine model, because we are using the template driven form and we are associating
the model with this one, we can listen for the energy model change events
and whenever this is occurring we will call our let's say we have en change function.
At the moment we don't, but we will create it.
So whenever anything is changing in this input, we will get notified in this function on change.
So in login component, let's create that function on change.
And here all we will do is just we will clear the error.
So this error will be just empty string.
So whenever this input is changed.
We will be updating the error to be empty string.
And when it is, it's empty string right here.
This is going to be false because the empty string is false value, then that that error will be gone
from the screen.
So let's say the changes.
And the tests are passing.
Let's test it on browser.
Just sending a request.
This is failing.
But if I type anything here now the error is gone.
But if you type anything to password, it is still there.
So let's add the test for the password case.
So it's going to be almost same.
Just copying the.
Email test and pasting here so it clears thereafter after password field is changed.
Now we are going to fill the password input.
And let's say this is password to.
And that's it.
Let's save this.
So this one is failing and the fix is same.
Just like we called on change for the email.
This is a generic function.
It doesn't care about the.
The input.
It doesn't do anything about the input actually.
It is just updating the error to be empty so we can use the same function for the password input right
here.
Saving it.
And the tests are passing and if you test it on browser.
It is failing.
We have the error.
I type anything to email now the error is gone.
And if I type anything, the password error is also gone.